Community Resources - Agent Development Kit
Agent Development Kit
Skip to content
Community Resources
¶
Welcome! This page highlights resources maintained by the Agent Development Kit
community.
Info
Google and the ADK team do not provide support for the content linked in
these external community resources.
Translations
¶
Community-provided translations of the ADK documentation.
adk.wiki - ADK Documentation (Chinese)
adk.wiki is the Chinese version of the Agent Development Kit
documentation, maintained by an individual. The documentation is
continuously updated and translated to provide a localized reading
experience for developers in China.
ADK Documentation (Korean, 한국어)
the Korean version of the Agent Development Kit
documentation, maintained by an individual. The documentation is
continuously updated and translated to provide a localized reading
experience for developers in South Korea.
ADK Documentation (Japanese, 日本語)
the Japanese version of the Agent Development Kit
documentation, maintained by an individual. The documentation is
continuously updated and translated to provide a localized reading
experience for developers in Japan.
Tutorials, Guides & Blog Posts
¶
Find community-written guides covering ADK features, use cases, and
integrations here.
Build an e-commerce recommendation AI agents with ADK + Vector Search
In this tutorial, we will explore how to build a simple multi-agent system for an 
e-commerce site, designed to offer the "Generative Recommendations" you find in the
Shopper's Concierge demo
.
Videos & Screencasts
¶
Discover video walkthroughs, talks, and demos showcasing ADK.
Agent Development Kit (ADK) Masterclass: Build AI Agents & Automate Workflows (Beginner to Pro)
A comprehensive crash course that takes you from beginner to expert in Google's Agent Development Kit. 
Covers 12 hands-on examples progressing from single agent setup to advanced multi-agent workflows.
Includes step-by-step code walkthroughs and downloadable source code for all examples.
Contributing Your Resource
¶
Have an ADK resource to share (tutorial, translation, tool, video, example)?
Refer to the steps in the
Contributing Guide
for more
information on how to get involved!
Thank you for your contributions to Agent Development Kit! ❤️
Back to top